good families good although it's
broadcasting live it's the only way
I have to record it right now
okay I'm not going to put any clips or
anything like that what we're going to
talk about in this video you can already see in
the title of what we're going to talk about
I guess it's weird recording on the laptop
well that way you already know that I'm
traveling but this time I'm
bringing the laptop so it doesn't disconnect
suitcases and it's true that the connection is
very bad
we're like in the mountains I don't like to
write it's a bit of the landscape but no
just it's not going to be possible to get to know a
little bit or cinema and I'm I don't know but
well listen to myself avn
lobe theme I had to speak of
course because I have a lot to say yes
the really cool t-shirt my
best friend gave it to me for seeing a year thank you very
very much in my style not very much in my style
listen to one thing let's see what
happened I can't put the clean
immediately on twitter or anything because the
laptop doesn't give much option us the thing
is that
[Music] I
hate it apparently like a
lot of other streamers and on youtube have done
I've done it myself you've
done it myself Felipe 360 ​​did it the other day,
a guy I really hate
did it, a
lot have done it, a lot of streamers have
spoken out on the subject of the ways
of chocas, chocas is a guy who does
his live shows, okay, he knows how to entertain, he has
his personality and everything he wants and he
works hard, but he disrespects the
people in his own chat. I really think
today's fanaticism is a joke around
here, this is wonderful. I really think
today's fanaticism, the kids
went down in the past, when I was a
kid in my time, well, the internet didn't exist,
then there was a
television audience, people
became famous on television,
then there was a filter, there was a filter
that
anyone could go on television, no matter what,
no, nowadays anyone can become famous without
filters, so the
kids idolize anyone,
anyone, Valencia literally applauds
happily, what a guy who drives a
luxury car around the roads to race at high
speeds  from
Andorra that any day has a
tribute the next day Salva had an
accident okay and instead of canceling it they
follow him even more and give him more light
all that don't be you people idolize a
guy who takes a microphone and apart from
insulting his audience while he's
dubbing them he's giving them money the
kids of today idolize him he told us
that they take a microphone they put it up their
ass and fart control broth for
all of them and the kids instead of getting
indignant and saying how lacking
education the kids the most girl okay that
's the fanaticism of today
please let's open
our children's eyes let's open
our nephew's eyes what the [ __ ] is this what the
[ __ ] is this because it turns out that I
praise him that he is a person who before giving his opinion is already at the antipodes of opinions with me totally I even see him a little good he is moralistic in many things
because because they are at the antipodes of what
I think of everything at the antipodes
totally okay I have argued with him
many times I  argued put a lot
with the achievements but today despite
our differences of opinions
we have respect for each other and we have
a very cordial relationship we
follow each other on red or yellow how do you
need inside what for but that
opinions are respected okay and if one
night of work here on the beach
if someone comes to me, some
content creator and gives their opinion on my content
without disrespecting him, I'm not going to do
what choca has done, choca has done
the same thing he always does, he has
always started to speak to
hate to say barbarities
as always in his line what
choca has done is reportable in tweets okay on
twitter you cannot have those ways not
with your chat
or with other colleagues on the platform
okay otherwise some report chocas when
chocas they give him a hard time
and he doesn't do it I would do it I would do it
well I didn't do it at the time
4000 said to me that he [ __ ] on my mother
my [ __ ] mother I don't know what tremendous
tremendous character that he idolizes
please let's see what chocas has done what he has
done  the choca what has
done what is
special please let's not be
idiots please this this to me
gives a lot the issue of fanaticism the
audience that has no criteria comes to
blow up the head okay and that's what I'm
telling you it has surely happened
in the past with television people
idolized characters like that no
characters that shouldn't be idolized but
before on television we don't see it
now with this of the networks the comment box
the twitter and then we see what
the audience thinks and the audience in many
cases leaves a lot to be desired they have
released a 21 and what they are
sharing really what you are
sharing elche and enjoy my
intelligence you totally insult my
intelligence there is a thread that they are
sharing about the European in which
one arrives a very small channel like I have
done and says lowe well you in your day
criticized me in café con lou and people
turned on me and I had to close my
channel
[Music] I
'm going to explode I'm going to ask
people comparing that with chocas let's
see café con los
café con low it's from ago  a literal decade
literally
get into the [ __ ] channel coffee with low and
get into information it was created in
2012 he would
grab you by the ears he would wake up or
grab you by the ears and make you look
at the girl couple and two so that
you would learn and you
have no criteria are you
going to compare me and I repeat to them with
the long I am at the antipodes I
agree with him many times it seems like a
good fit but are you going to compare me are you
going to compare that I took coffee
with low a decade ago they
humorously criticized the channel
iron ra
and the single were very fine and serra
my channel because the loes fans came
to me the wolf fans came and
serra my channel an owl okay but are you
going to compare me are you going to compare
that I took a stupid channel I criticized it
humorously in coffee with what
a decade ago he has not done it again
because he has seen that his fame for I no longer
know what I am
going to compare him with a guy who to
this day
insults his chat every time they donate to him
when not please please
me  you are insulting my
intelligence you
are insulting
my intelligence you really insult my intelligence
when you try to justify a turkey that
fascinates okay you try to multiply an
easy payment with this type of idiocy if
the wolf if the motives and I
often think that a good thing remains from
the little that gets wet from the little that
messes with anyone are you
going to compare that with what he does
at home please
please he
punished you in front of your partner it has been I
say it is punished in front of the wall and
nothing simply that seems
totally regrettable to me a bouquet of cloth gives
a 12 year old boy who gets like that
because he does not accept criticism a
criticism totally from respect okay
but whatever they do to you you
always clash and always always every time
someone criticizes him or says hey we'll leave the show to him you
know who he didn't have the
balls to clash you know who he didn't have the
balls with and for months we have seen
how he clashes he always has the same
ways with each one who says the same thing to him
or said that it seems to me that he should not
say [ __ ] one's mother the
mother of another  insult to fight to
insult you
know
who the clash didn't have the balls to
get the same with the Indian Juan okay
because with him and me Juan no because if he
has the balls to mess with him and me Juan gets
up to people on top of him he
clashes
that's the role that the clash plays
and which he told him the same thing
and me when he told him nothing more and nothing less than
what he said he saw it and what
Felipe 360 ​​said the other day and which he
told him exactly the same thing but with
more audience because he told him in a
chat with and dance they
are colleagues or the dick they are
not pulley they are
not friends I don't care
they were friends my friend
tells me that
and if I am to answer in a
contextual way to the same way to everything goes
there gave Juan does not answer him the same because he
knows that people of tweets are on
him because I play he is loved
[Music] I
talk about it live he said that he spoke
with him and gave Juan and everything
pants down his little leg sucked I called that
yes in neighbor Juan would have if another
with less followers and less loved
tells him the same thing of  the same way he
throws himself into everything I did
n't enjoy my intelligence please
well family that's my opinion on the
subject I say is that this doesn't mean
that I agree with what they are
all he and I respect him but there are
many things that each one of us is
in difference and such but
things as they are things as they are you
know what Löw said what he said about the
crash what we've been seeing all
months months
then we comment on other things
[Music]
cloudy after cloudy day I'm going to come back
white I'm going to come back white from my
vacation but well I remember a lot of
you family I don't like memos
then I'll come back I'll come back